\input texinfo
@documentencoding UTF-8
@dircategory Emacs lisp libraries
@direntry
* textmate-to-yas: (textmate-to-yas).     Import Textmate macros into yasnippet syntax
@end direntry


@ifnottex
@paragraphindent 0
@end ifnottex
@node Top
@top Top

@menu
* Import Textmate bundles into Emacs using lisp::
@end menu

@node Import Textmate bundles into Emacs using lisp
@chapter Import Textmate bundles into Emacs using lisp
Matthew L. Fidler ## Library Information @emph{textmate-to-yas.el} --- Import Textmate macros into yasnippet syntax

@itemize
@item
@strong{Filename} -- textmate-to-yas.el
@item
@strong{Description} -- Import Textmate macros into yasnippet syntax
@item
@strong{Author} -- Matthew L. Fidler
@item
@strong{Maintainer} -- Matthew L. Fidler
@item
@strong{Created} -- Wed Oct 20 15:08:50 2010 (-0500)
@item
@strong{Version} -- 0.21
@item
@strong{Last-Updated} -- Fri Jun 29 12:22:42 2012 (-0500)
@item
@strong{By} -- Matthew L. Fidler
@item
@strong{Update #} -- 1747
@item
@strong{URL} -- https:__github.com_mlf176f2_textmate-to-yas.el/
@item
@strong{Keywords} -- Yasnippet Textmate
@item
@strong{Compatibility} -- Tested with Windows Emacs 23.2
@end itemize

@menu
* Importing A Textmate bundle from the Textmate SVN url::
* Imports snippets based on textmate svn tree::
@end menu

@node Importing A Textmate bundle from the Textmate SVN url
@section Importing A Textmate bundle from the Textmate SVN url
This is done with the command @code{textmate-import-svn-from-url}. ## Importing from an unzipped Textmate tmBundle This is done with the command @code{textmate-import-bundle}. You need to specify both the root directory of the bundle ant the parent modes for importing (like text-mode). ## Example function for importing Sata snippets into Yasnippet

@node textmate-import-svn-get-pkgs
@subsubsection textmate-import-svn-get-pkgs
@code{(textmate-import-svn-get-pkgs)}

@itemize
@item
Gets textmate bundles from svn
@end itemize

@node textmate-import-svn-snippets
@subsubsection textmate-import-svn-snippets
@code{(textmate-import-svn-snippets SNIPPET-URL PLIST TEXTMATE-NAME)}

@node Imports snippets based on textmate svn tree
@section Imports snippets based on textmate svn tree.

@node textmate-regexp-to-emacs-regexp
@subsubsection textmate-regexp-to-emacs-regexp
@code{(textmate-regexp-to-emacs-regexp REXP)}

@itemize
@item
Convert a textmate regular expression to an emacs regular expression (as much as possible)
@end itemize

@node textmate-yas-menu
@subsubsection textmate-yas-menu
@code{(textmate-yas-menu PLIST &optional MODE-NAME)}

@itemize
@item
Builds @code{yas-define-menu}from info.plist file
@end itemize

@node textmate-yas-menu-get-items
@subsubsection textmate-yas-menu-get-items
@code{(textmate-yas-menu-get-items TXT)}

Gets items from TXT and puts them into a list

@node yas---t/
@subsubsection yas---t/
@code{(yas---t/ TEXTMATE-REG TEXTMATE-REP &optional TEXTMATE-OPTION T-TEXT)}

@itemize
@item
Textmate like mirror. Uses textmate regular expression and textmate formatting.
@end itemize

@node yas-format-match-?-buf
@subsubsection yas-format-match-?-buf
=(yas-format-match-?-buf TEXT &optional STRING EMPTY-MISSING START-POINT STOP-POINT)=

@itemize
@item
Recursive call to temporary buffer to replace conditional formats.
@end itemize

@node yas-getenv
@subsubsection yas-getenv
@code{(yas-getenv VAR)}

@itemize
@item
Gets environment variable or customized variable for Textmate->Yasnippet conversion
@end itemize

@node yas-replace-match
@subsubsection yas-replace-match
=(yas-replace-match TEXT &optional STRING TREAT-EMPTY-MATCHES-AS-MISSING-MATCHES SUBEXP)=

@itemize
@item
yas-replace-match is similar to emacs replace-match but using Textmate formats
@end itemize

@node yas-text-on-moving-away
@subsubsection yas-text-on-moving-away
@code{(yas-text-on-moving-away DEFAULT-TEXT)}

@itemize
@item
Changes text when moving away AND original text has not changed ## History
@end itemize

9-May-2013 Matthew L. Fidler@* Last-Updated: Fri Jun 29 12:22:42 2012 (-0500) #1747 (Matthew L. Fidler) Added better auto-installing support for textmate-to-yas. 3-May-2013 Matthew L. Fidler@* Last-Updated: Fri Jun 29 12:22:42 2012 (-0500) #1747 (Matthew L. Fidler) Better fix for requiring 'textmate-to-yas in Emacs 24+. It should download textmate-to-yas if it isn't present. 3-May-2013 Matthew L. Fidler@* Last-Updated: Fri Jun 29 12:22:42 2012 (-0500) #1747 (Matthew L. Fidler) Added textmate-to-yas automatic package installation for emacs 24 - @strong{18-Oct-2012} -- Bug fix for yasnippet backward compatibility. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{18-Sep-2012} -- Backward compatibility update. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{12-Sep-2012} -- First attempt to support 0.8x. Currently untested. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{29-Jun-2012} -- Should convert binary plists with either perl and plutil.pl or Mac OSX and plutil (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{29-Jun-2012} -- Will not import Textmate snippets that cannot be translated to emacs regular expressions. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{29-Jun-2012} -- Added yas/define-menu support. Should fix issue #2 (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{27-Jun-2012} -- @@capitaomorte suggested more customization. Implemented. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{27-Jun-2012} -- Added the ability to transform bundle specific transformations (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{22-Nov-2011} -- Another small fix for quoted parenthesis @} (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{22-Nov-2011} -- Added a fix for Textmate imports to avoid yasnippet bug. See: https:@emph{@emph{github.com_capitaomorte_yasnippet_issues_197 (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{21-Nov-2011} -- Tested with bsd-tar on windows and changed some extraction behaviors. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{01-Apr-2011} -- Changed @code{yas/ma} so that it applies the mirrors upon moving away. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{31-Mar-2011} -- Add @code{yas/editing-field-num-p} (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{08-Feb-2011} -- Added autoload cookies. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{28-Nov-2010} -- Bug-fix for names. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{28-Nov-2010} -- bug fix for yas_t} when $1 doesn't exist. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{12-Nov-2010} -- Added #bindings back. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{10-Nov-2010} -- Bug fix to Textmate to Emacs regular expression matching. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{09-Nov-2010} -- Added error fix for TextMate formats (upper and lower case when match isn't found.) (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{09-Nov-2010} -- Bug fix for complicated yas_t} snippets not converting the @ character to \. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{09-Nov-2010} -- yas_t_ bugfix for missing text. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{09-Nov-2010} -- Added error handler when guessing modes. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{09-Nov-2010} -- Added drag and drop support for Github tar.gz files. Requires Yasnippet to be running. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{06-Nov-2010} -- Changed name. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{06-Nov-2010} -- Handle nested conditional replacements. For example (?3:one:(?2:two:none)) (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{05-Nov-2010} -- Textmate import file handles errors gracefully. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{05-Nov-2010} -- Added better textmate support by providing translations for mirrors. Requires the directive # type: command available in the SVN version of yasnippet. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{05-Nov-2010} -- Changed textmate-replace-in-string with replace-regexp-in-string (US041375) - @strong{04-Nov-2010} -- Changed extension from .yasnippet to what the package is in a svn-import. (us041375) - @strong{04-Nov-2010} -- replace-in-string changed to textmate-replace-in-string. May be missing on some systems. (us041375) - @strong{01-Nov-2010} -- Bug fix for expand-env (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{01-Nov-2010} -- Added more supported tags. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{01-Nov-2010} -- Took out #scope pseudo-directive. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{01-Nov-2010} -- Added more file extensions. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{28-Oct-2010} -- Removed bindings. They are currently causing problems... (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{28-Oct-2010} -- Added completed import of svn bundle message. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{28-Oct-2010} -- Bug fix to allow files to be .yasnippet instead of _yasnippet files. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{27-Oct-2010} -- Added fix to allow files to pass for directories in @code{textmate-import-bundle} (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{27-Oct-2010} -- Added import from svn.textmate.org using url package. Use @code{textmate-import-svn-url} (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{27-Oct-2010} -- Added a guess-mode function to take out prompting for modes. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{25-Oct-2010} -- Bug fix for .yas-parents. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{25-Oct-2010} -- Changed import rmate and stata to mirror new textmate-import function (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{25-Oct-2010} -- Changed parent-mode to a prompt and uses .yas-parents as in SVN trunk of yasnippet. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{22-Oct-2010} -- Bugfix for $@{1:default@} expressions (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{22-Oct-2010} -- Added ability to choose mode by function or mode-name (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{21-Oct-2010} -- Selected text bugfix (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{21-Oct-2010} -- Now handles key-bindings as well. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{21-Oct-2010} -- Added a fix to take out spaces in textmate bundles file name translations. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{21-Oct-2010} -- Updated import to find groupings before or after orderings in the info.plist. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{21-Oct-2010} -- Added a yas/root-directory of the current directory if undefined. Allows to be run from the command line by just loading this file (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{21-Oct-2010} -- 20-Oct-2010 Matthew L. Fidler Bug fix -- added mode. (Matthew L. Fidler)

@bye
